I think my hardest experience in this field were there is to actually
So So the first was graduate school. Graduate school was just really,
really tough. It was long and it was very stressful and very demanding,
and that that was a hard experience. But I you know, I learned
a lot and got me to where I am today. The other hardest experience
for me personally was going back to work after my kids were born. Um,
not because I didn't want to. I really did want to go back to work.
Actually, I was very, very ready. Thio resume my career, but it was
just It was really tough. Thio figure out how to manage, You know,
this this very involved career that I had, that I was very committed
Thio. And then, you know, all of these kids all of a sudden and and
having to manage that, so that was really tough. Um, but again, you
know, I think that all in all, I learned a lot and I'm better for
the experience